---
layout: page
title: "20230313"
nav_order: 13
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 20230313
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>


## What I am good at

I am just not very good at studying courses. It is obvious. In about one third of the courses, I get decent scores. However, I am almost failing in the other one third of the courses. They are a waste of time.

Instead of trying to do undergrad courses, I should do something else.

## Looking back

In freshman year I was doing courses 100%, and I didn't get really good results in the courses. I done a good job overall but I was too focused on the courses. The courses are only providing a minimum, they ensure you do not fall behind. Actually you need to strive yourself, instead of following the courses.

In freshman year I was not very efficient, and although I devoted 120% of my energy to studying courses, i still don't get satisfying results in many of them, and it was traumatizing. I am not saying I got something better to do in theat period because I don't.

Then in sophomore 1st semester I was again stuck on the courses. Then came covid.

## Excuses

I have full excuses for everything that happened since the start of sophomroe year. I just don't want to write them here. Everybody's got excuses, so no one should be blamed anyways. That's why excuses are meaningless--they only emphasize your results.

## It is never too late

It may be a late time to come out of this feeling of lost and trying to get back on the right path. However, it is the earliest time if you look on the future perspective.

## 123

1 is basically doing the courses, and I think 3 course per semester is the right amount, (I mean cs courses), if you study more it will be too tiresome.

It isn't worth investing too much time on 1 because I am just not very good at it and we all get it at the end somehow.

2 is auditing, and I don't have to think too much about that.

3 is basically the thing that I am doing, which is goal-oriented studying. I need to do this because it is just important thing for me. It determines how good I am and how far i will go. Without this thing I am nobody.

## What I should do

Go to lectures and hopefully try to get an average in 1. Then do 3 24/7. That's what you should do right now. Try to get 1 above average and make it stable. 

## Art and Sports

Art and sports are so fun to do. However, I got too many things on my hands to even care about them anyways.

I plan on running 1-2 half marathons every month.
