---
layout: page
title: 20230303
nav_order: 9
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 20230303
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>

## Feelings

Right now I am not feeling good. I am feeling very miserable. I just gamed for like 2 hours. I still feel vert miserable. I can't figure out how to get happy.

## It happened

I failed a course last semester. Basically I just don't want to do the homework after a while and can't find a way to quit the course, so I decided to fail it instead. Anyways it's all over now.

I get a 0 grade. It was so funny. At least I attended the midterm. I figured that I would at least get like 10? Whatever.

It's not that I don't like the subject or something. It's just that, well, I don't know a thing the teacher said. Anyways.

## Other stuff & Personality

I am so strange. But as time pass I came to accept it. When I can't help but failing, well, I accept that fact. I can't help it anyways.
## Exam Today

I Fed up at the exam today. i couldn't understand the problems. I didn't have any trouble with the homework, though. It was strange. I felt bad  but think that I should just get used to the crap.

## Tired

I feel awfully tired now. I feel I have to digest a lot of things, though.

I have a lot of homework ddls. Overall I just want to explode.

## Friends

I still found no friends. I hate most people.

I kind of want to hang out with people but somehow it doesn't work.

I think I just have to focus on the [tasks](https://jimchen2.github.io/blog/preparation.html).
