---
layout: page
title: "20230308"
nav_order: 12
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 20230308
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>
## Late night staying up again

Yesterday I went to bed at 9 pm. However, I couldn't fall asleep and it is 0 am now. I decide to write a journal. Actually it was mainly about 0307.

## Aim 

I think the main reason I crashed last semester was that I didn't have a specific aim. I wanted to do this and I wanted to do that. After a while I could no longer bear it, thus I crashed.

## Conflicts

I thought that on an average level I am better at math than computer science. Anyways that was what drove me to choose the math major. But when I study math, I am also competing with those good at it. I am not at an advantage and I do not find myself successful.

Essentially what I should do is study cs. I had faced problems studying cs, but essentially what I should do is find a field in cs where I am very interested in and try to get into that field as quick as I can and try to be successful.

Of course, I am not necessarily choosing the best option for myself. Yet I think I don't need necessarily choose the best for me. We just go and see.

## What I am facing right now

Right now basically I need to do these things

- Do Homework every week
- Review for the midterm coming next Monday
- Go to classes (yes! it is much more effective than you studying yourself!)

In the "chronological" order:

- Finish the homework and review the courses, to the point where we get the materials before midterm
- Midterm

Then, regularly
- Finish the homework
- Go to classes
## What I should be doing in the future

I am a computer science major, so I am evaluated according to my computer science skills. I should, obviously find a field I am interested and

- Find a field I am interested (Machine Learning)
- Study the basics (Coursera, you can also get a certificate)
- Do research (contact professors)

As for courses, I think graduation is enough. Not every field suits me, though. That's why I must find the thing I am truly interested in.

## You didn't do a bad job before

No need to blame yourself. Move forward!

I messed up last semester, and it really impacted this semester to a great extent. I hate this.

## Something to add

Now I am finally in classes, well.

A little more update:

Study is divided into 3 parts, which are schoolwork, auditing, and self-study. Generally the first is required. 

In freshman year I done well in schoolwork, but didn't do anything in the later 2.

I had not done very well on all 3 of them last semster. But this wasn't my fault. It was primarily because of the courses in USTC and the pandemic.

I am planning the do the cs courses in summer, which will make up for the first one. Bascially I think it is good if I am doing 4 courses per semester.

As of auditing, I think I am auditing 2 courses this semester. Because, why not?

As of self-study, I am only starting it when I am settling done. This also include research, which I am thinking about starting after I had learned the basics.

I am not the best at schoolwork. I am just medium at it. But I thinkt hat is fine. I think I am gonna focus mainly on the latter two.

## Missing classes

So I just missed a class since I was like, going to lunch and didn't have a watch or sort of it. So I looked at the campanile and it was early. I played around for a long while and ended up being late for the class.

## Success

I am going to succeed this semester. I am sure of it. It is just going to take me a lot of time.
