---
layout: page
title: "20230227"
nav_order: 7
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 20230227
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>
## March
```
Dear March, come in!
How glad I am!
I looked for you before.
Put down your hat –
You must have walked –
How out of breath you are!

Dear March, how are you?
And the rest?
Did you leave Nature well?
Oh, March, come right upstairs with me,
I have so much to tell!
```
## Night

A peaceful rainy night, and I am sitting in a cafe, eating some sweat food. Having just finished the CS 170 midterm. Usually rainy nights feel chilly, but tonight just feel peaceful. The ground is wet but there is almost no rain. 

## SoSo

I think that I should stop taking exams like sht. Anyways, I think today's exam is soso, and I did soso. That's it. Move on, right?

## Preparation

I devoted nearly all my time into preparing for the Analysis and gaming and no time into this test. I think it is not as hard but who knows. I could have made a lot of mistakes, right?

There are so many peoblems today that I barely finished the exam.

## March
March is nearer than ever. I am hoping for a change in my miserable life. 

I wanted to game after the exam but somehow changed my mind. Maybe I will still game tonight. Who knows?

## Styles

Some people are just not helpful or useful. To say it in other words, they don't really match my style.

## Math Instincts

If there is one thing to trust, it is your mathematical instincts. Trust nothing else and nobody else. Let nothing else argue you out of the firm logic.

## People I don't like
Some people are just not helpful or useful.

This world runs quite differently from the way my life goes. But what can I do about it? What can I say about it? That people are idiots? Nah, just that I have my unique style.
## Papers

Today I checked on the Berkeley summer courses and find myself pretty interested in philosophy. However, they have like 3 papers to write. I was like, damn, bye.

## I don't promote

Yeah, I maintain this website. But I don't want to promote it too much since it is quite personal. But who the hell cares about me anyways.
## Maturity

I don't think I am mature enough.
## Back on Feet

Hope to be back on feet soon hopefully.









