---
layout: page
title: 0x0f02e707
parent: Blog
---
# "0x0f02e707"
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>

## Silence
```
In restless dreams I walked alone
Narrow streets of cobblestone
'Neath the halo of a street lamp
I turned my collar to the cold and damp

"Fools" said I, "You do not know
Silence like a cancer grows
Hear my words that I might teach you
Take my arms that I might reach you"
But my words like silent raindrops fell
And echoed in the wells of silence
```
## Room
I have a very small room in a house shared by 5 people. But it is an independent room so that's enough for me. I don't have much possesions. In the corner
there are shoes, and a refrigerator. Then there is a closet, desk, chair and bed. I also have a kettle, a laundry basket, my backpack. But that's it, nothing
interesting.

## Schedule
I find it weird but I am going to sleep too late. Like, right now it is already 1 am and I am still awake. Sometimes at twilight time I am so tired and don't even want to stand up.

In the last few days I stayed up as late as 5 am and 7 am and usually get up at around 10-12 am. I hate myself for doing this but really can't find any solutions. I am so energetic at 1 and 2 am.

## Finals
Finals are coming and I should be contacting the teachers about it. I am feeling frustrated. I don't want to review. But it is coming anyways.

## CS 161
The project for CS 161 is very hard for me. I spent so many hours doing project 1 and haven't succedeed yet.I wanted to move on but can't. I don't want to finish the project sometimes.

## Socializing
People here aren't that interested in you, nor do they show a willingness to introduce themselves to you. Everything seem formal and very strange. I remember that I used to feel like I want to be socialized, and now it is all different. I tbought I was socialized back in middle school. Before university it was like everybody is interested in you and you are interested in everybody else. It is just hard to approach people and I don't know who to approach. I don't just anybody to be my friends, many people don't make me feel happy.
## Conversation
Everytime it was like: Hi I am Jim, nice to meet you. Then he or she or it will reply yes and hi very formally. THen I will say like what my question is and hopefully don't mess up with my words. Then he or she will just basically explain. It is so hard to get a casual conversation.

Then there are those Chinese walking on the streets and speaking Chinese loudly. Do I want to join them? No.
## Classes

I am not going to classes now. Even if I go, I just don't listen.

## Gaming

On Ubuntu you can change the default settings by typing
```
gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.touchpad disable-while-typing false

```
then you can play games like zombsroyale.io. There are also default games on Ubuntu such as card games. I hate myself playing games but I am too frustrated and depressed those days.

## CS170
To be honest one of the easiest courses this semester to me. Finished about half of the lectures on bilibili. But I am so stuck on other things. Going to live lectures doesn't help--I just can't listen. 

There are many Chinese people in the lectures sitting together and speaking Chinese and I don't like that very much.

I didn't go to like one lectures in three weeks.

The CS 170 staff misgraded my homework. I don't really like the homework that much. I hope there are more coding sessions.

## Emphasizing

I can't really emphasize many people. My life is simple and boring as hell. I don't understand complex feelings when I try to search into what is in a song of celebrity. It is such a big and complex world.

Poetry and Literature is nice but really don't think I can imagine myself being like that. I am not black anyways. I am what, an Asian nerd? Whatever. 


## Yellowjackets

I find myself going to Berkeley High everyday. Not that I want to study there, because I obviously see no point in doing that, but because there are more people my age. In the university it seems like people are 40 years old. In the high school there are many young boys and girls and they are doing sports like track and swimming and badminton and they seem to be enjoying themselves. I want to get socialized and want to join them, but I don't know how to anyways. 
## Operating
Many people are poor in opearing computers! I really hate those noobs. Some people make loud noises with computers and I don't know what they are doing. They make loud noises either with mouse and keyboard continuously. I hate those noises a lot. Also, most people are slow in computers, so anyways.
## Hypothesize

I think I can easily solve any high school math problems so I want to be a math tutor for Berkeley High, e.g., every week we meet one day and I teach them high school math in exchange of knowing American culture and finding someone to hang out with regularly. I think it will work with the right person. I think he//she will improve in their academic performances while I can get socialzed. However, there are two things I am not sure about. One, maybe I cannot find the right person. Anyways, all kinds of people exist in this world and not all of them are very interesing and nice to hang out with. Two, how can I start the conversation? Hang flyers? Too awkward! Maybe I start and they say what do you want? It is just really awkward.
## Hypothesize 2
If 10% of the population hates me I won't even know it. I don't talk to people everyday and people don't know my face. If people hate someone called Jim Chen they don't even know it is me. So what if 10% of the population hates me? It doesn't matter. People don't care anything about you.
## OH
Why bother go to something when you can easily solve the problem on your own?
## Textbook
Textbooks are designed using justthedocs. Ha!
## Conclusion

I am feeling frustrated because I am not exactly enjoying the things I am doing right now. I find it either too challenging or not suitable for doing such things as I am poor in certain skills. I want to get to know more people but this seems really complcated. 
