---
layout: page
title: "0x0f02e707"
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 0x0f02e707
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>
## Children

If I have children, I will let them do something different. Or I won't even force them to do anything actually, they do whatever satisfies them. 

I want my children to be athletes. I have been watching athletes videos on YouTube all day long, from distance running to figure skating to anything. 
Sports is so fun and the true essence of human nature. 

I can't run fast. I am fat and unhealthy boy. I am so unfit. I am so weak. I suck at coordination. Obviously I can't be an athlete.

I am done with education, however, I am on the second phase of the third term of my education, bachelor's degree, and I do not think that there is
a better choice for me. I hate my education wholeheartedly. Everything since middle school sucks. 

I don't think I can ever bear staying in a classroom for like 8 hours a day anymore. I don't think I can bear doing endless homework anymore. I 
think that most of my education is a waste of time and energy quite like bullying. It is teacher bullying students.

Education is so stupid and nasty. I hate most of them. They are so nooby and stressful. I want my life to be more interesting. These things are makeing
my life very miserable.

## Depression

I am kind of depressed right now. 2 months in US and I found 0 friends, go on 0 trips, and sucked at all courses. What a failure I am!

## Failure
Then again, I wondered about failure and success. In a sense, everybody is a failure, since we are all human. But if we define success exactly the way 
that
we are striving hard against failure and had achieved more or less, then many people are successful actually.

I don't want to be a failure. I want to have something to think back when I am old.

## Being old

THen again, I consider myself being old one day. What will it be like? I don't want to be old obviously. I want myself to be bitten by a vampire and be 
forever 17 years old. I wnat youth to be everlasting.

But no, someday I will have white hair and be weak, my body will be stiff and I can't run very fast or jump very high, given that I am not killed by 
accident prior to that date. So yeah, you are only 17 once, there is no second chance for you being 17 years old. What you wanna do is to enjoy the 
current life. Actually do something and treasure the precious time.

Let the troubles bother you when you are older.
## Marriage

Do I want to be married? It is almost ridiculous to think about marriage at this age, given that I have no gfs. 

I thought about describing myself, and then it was like, 

I am 5'9, 72 kg, 17 years old, no income and probably will have low income in the following 10 years, no house, no car
I have no hobbies and I suck at sports. My 5k time is <22min(I haven't timed anyways), and my 3k time is <12min. I learned mathematical analysis and 
linear algebra. I am a minimalist and individualist.

It was so weird.

I can't think the same way with other people, nor do they seem to think the same way like me.
## What is life?

Instead of considering life as things that you do everyday, consider it as a situation. That way it is much clearer.

My life seems boring. But it is only boring now since I am bullied everyday. 

For example, right now, I am bothered by school and coursework. I am bullied and it seriously bothers me. It prevents me to enjoy the beauty of nature, 
and gets in my way all the time.

Yeah, we are 17 only once, well, given the way 17 is defined and given that we don't get killed before 17 years old. But again, I am 
so lonely and can't even seem to enjoy this life right now. 

I want to go sightseeing in California and also try to make friends and hang out with people. Now thinking about hanging out is making me sad.

Life offers you enough enjoyment, and you can find them eventually

## Bully

So it is like right now there is a bully always around you, for example, you go to school and there is a bully in your class who is always picking 
you, 
given that you can't change class and you are in the class all the time during the day and you can't quit school. Well, obviously that's a lot
of limitations.

So what you wanna do now is to go to the gym and build your muscles, and after three days you come back and punch him in the face and he won't ever
bother you again. 

So right now what I should do is go and finish off this semester's courses and then this crap won't get in my way again.


## Debate

I like philosophy. One thing I don't like about debating is that most people aren't talking logically, or they are jsut showing off in their 
own ways, so that debate became a comic show instead of actually thinking philsophically. I think the courses like Death and Justice are 
good examples of thinking critically and I enjoy them so much. However, this should not be mixed with ridicule, a thing most people don't
understand.

## Me/My/Mine

I don't want to go out of my way. Doing things that don't satisfy my likings destroys my life and makes me miserable, and they don't go to a certain 
purpose. When I don't like something, I go find other things.

I don't bear with things when there is another option. Of course that there are times when I must bear, but most times I go with the other option.

Nobody knows me better than I do, and anyways, most people are bullies.

I am weak if I comply.

I am strong in that I have my own ideas and I control everything that is happening in my life. 

So yeah, don't comply for even a small thing because that is gonna destroy you.

I do not want to bear. Something gets in my way, either I run or I overcome it.

THen I thought about like diseases, and obviously I have to bear diseases. But if there is a way to run away from like teachers I will.

Look, I really wnat to make friends badly. I want to interact with people. But I can't help it. So yeah, right? Sometiems it is better just to enjoy
nature of some food or some sleep.

I must never have insufficient sleep.

Some people, they are strange.

## Beauty

Beauty is so strange. Most people aren't beautiful anyways.

I find 'simple' beautiful.

I don't find many people understandable from my perspective. Then again, they are perfectly normal. When I think about myself, I find the person
quite odd and simple.

True beauty is simple and what makes this world better.

## Compliance

I needn't necessarily love the things I do. Actually, sometimes love distracts youf rom actually doing that thing. 

However, I must not hate the thing I am doing, or I won't do the thing.



## Survival and weakness

Survival is simple, given that you don't break down.

Humans are weak. But humans are also strong in that they work hard to overcome their weakness.

## Time alone

I must spend some time alone everyday doing nothing. I must do this or I will feel disoriented and I won't be happy living. I need to think.

## Breakthroughs

Breakthrough are what make life interesting, and I should focus on these things.

## It doesn't matter after all

Yeah, so just be happy and like nothing else in this world matters. 
