---
layout: page
title: "20230218"
nav_order: 6
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 20230218
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>
## Schedule
It is time to rethink about my schedule. I am still thinking about when to do what, and sometimes it is not the best idea to set up a strict schedule. 

However, one thing is for sure. I think that I should get up very early in the morning and avoid late nights. This is because days will eb longer and I can avoid wasting much time in the evening either playing games or doing whatever stuff which is not beneficial to me.

My day will also be not that tight because I will get an early start, allowing me to do more things in limited time.

## What I Should be Doing
There are certain things that I should be doing. I can't rely on this school or whatever. I figured out that when you want to do something, just go do it. Don't care about whether it fits your school schedule. I have some things I wanted to do 2 years ago and still hadn't even started. If you cannot control your life, then nobody else can help you, anyways.

I am already a big failure so yeah,, hope everything turns out fine.

## March

So I think I would try to settle in this early morning schedule starting in March. I will try to be more productive basically and have more time to do my own stuff.

## Components

Anyways I want my schedule to be kind of flexible but they will generally contain these things. School, Self-learning time, and Running. I don't think I need another thing in my life (of course, besides eating and sleeping).
