---
layout: page
title: 20230301
nav_order: 8
parent: Journal
grand_parent: Blog
---
# 20230301
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Dark Mode</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Dark Mode';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Light Mode';
  }
});
</script>
## Let it Go
```
It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small
And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all
It's time to see what I can do
To test the limits and break through
No right, no wrong, no rules for me
I'm free

Let it go, let it go
And I'll rise like the break of dawn
```
## Melancholy

I feel kind of melancholy. I blew up last semester. I only selected 3 courses and failed in one. I am kind of a total failure last semester.

## Excuses

I tried to think about excuses. Obviously there must be one.

I thought that it was because of covid, but then again, I really didn't study that much. I wasted so much time.

I believe that one factor is that I felt really lost. I didn't know where to go.

Hopefully I can do better later on.

## Relief

It was a huge relief for me last night as I finished the test anyways.

It was a minor setback, but I gained other useful skills anyways. I hope that in the future semesters I can be much better.

On the other hand I couldn't have done much better, I believe. Anyways given how disoriented I really was and how unaware I was of my belongings, I couldn't have thought about so much before. 

Anyways, I still learned some valuable stuff in the last semester. I am a strange person. Strange people sometiems get stuck. It is normal for a strange person, I think.

I hope I am going better and better.
## Pushing forward

I want to go forward now, and the past is in the past.

Looking forward there are lots of things to do. Hopefully I can get a happy semester.

I need to find the breakthroughs and fight the bullies.

It is 3 am now, which is quite late, I think. 

## Wondering

Today I wondered about whether or not I would want to take a humanity or philosophy course, after all, I am interested. Then I ran into a debate with myself and thought that if I am still wondering then obviously I shouldn't because I need to commit time into the course and I may not like it blah blah blah. If I truly like a course I wouldn't have debated whether or not I would take it, I would just audit the course anyways. So yeah, I guess that I won't be actaully selecting that many courses.

## Some more Wondering

I also thought about ethics. I thought that it is wrong to troll, or act like somebody else. If someone acts like me and say something bad then I am irritated and feel offended. So I shouldn't do the same with others. It isn't a funny joke. It is an offense if I act like somebody else jsut for fun. It isn't fun.

Jokes are jokes, and it easily go wrong, which is offending and bad for both sides. I used to think that imitating others is fun. I think it still is to the point of imitating, but if I went to far as to trick others it is not good at all.

Also I thought about whether I can be hold responsible for the things I say if I do not speak with a specific person's name but instead with anynoymous. I think it is still not acceptable. Your fiction character can do whatever he wants in the fictional world, say, Harry Potter. If there is discrimination or slavery and whatever in the fictional world it doesn't matter. But if you say something anonymously, and links it with real world, let's say, spread a rumour with the fictional name Emma Wilkinson, or whatever, then it is still very wrong. There are some things I just hate others talking about, and doing that just isn't right. If someone keep cursing me anonymously, I would go mad. 

It doesn't matter if you are saying that yourself, or you are pretending to be someone else, or you are anonymous. I think ethically you hold responsibility for all those acts.

## On the other hand

On the other hand even if you are lagging behind a little bit what you should be doing isn't selecting 10 courses in one semester so as to catch up, but instead try to just go normal mode. It is just better and makes you oriented.

Anyways, given the kind of person that I am, I think normal mode suits me the best. I can find breakthroughs in doing normal stuff. I am not good at doing multiple classes, which makes my life very miserable.
